Workaround fix for TOC of Deploy for production page (#1244)
redpanda-data/documentation: docs/deploy/deployment-option/self-hosted/manual/production/production-deployment.mdx

import Tabs from '@theme/Tabs';
import TabItem from '@theme/TabItem';

> To start deploying for production, follow the guide for your deployment type:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To deploy Redpanda for production, follow the steps either for the default deployment or for a custom deployment. 
```
@shorgi I don't like the "follow the guide" wording, so this is just a suggestion. We should probably discuss for the style guide, but I don't think we should be calling pages, or parts of pages, guides.

Author: @micheleRP - because this text is a stand-in for tabs, in this situation it makes sense to provide text for navigation to the next section: "follow", "choose", "go to", "start with" were possibilities I thought of. (And reviewing them again, I like "choose" better.)

FWIW, [Google's docs style guide](https://developers.google.com/style) uses "navigational" text.

> - [**Default deployment**](#default-deployment) - use default supported deployment tools.
> - [**Custom deployment**](#custom-deployment) - use custom deployment tools.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [**Default deployment**](#default-deployment)
- [**Custom deployment**](#custom-deployment)
```
This confused me because the intro to Custom Deployment says it those are the supported deployment tools. I'd just remove the extra words here.

Author: @micheleRP Let's figure out the right words to add, otherwise it's unclear what "default" and "custom" refer to.

The second paragraph of Custom deployment is 
> This section provides information for anyone creating their own 
automation for deploying Redpanda clusters; that is, **anyone not using one
of these supported tools.**

If that's correct, then the tools mentioned actually aren't supported. 

I'll revise the first sections of Custom deployment.
